<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
    <title>24 February 2024 (APAC) :: Creator Assertions Working Group</title>
    <link rel="canonical" href="https://cawg.io/meeting-notes/2025-02-24-apac/">
    <meta name="generator" content="Antora 3.1.4">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_/css/site.css">
  </head>
  <body class="article">
<script type="module">import mermaid from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mermaid@10/dist/mermaid.esm.min.mjs'; mermaid.initialize({"themeVariables":{"fontFamily":"Roboto,sans-serif"}});</script><header class="header">
  <nav class="navbar">
    <div class="navbar-brand">
      <a class="navbar-dif-logo" href="https://identity.foundation">&nbsp;</a>
      <a class="navbar-item" href="https://cawg.io">Creator Assertions Working Group</a>
      <button class="navbar-burger" aria-controls="topbar-nav" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle main menu">
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
        <span></span>
      </button>
    </div>
    <div id="topbar-nav" class="navbar-menu">
      <div class="navbar-end">
        <a class="navbar-item" href="#">Home</a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<div class="body">
<div class="nav-container" data-component="ROOT" data-version="">
  <aside class="nav">
    <div class="panels">
<div class="nav-panel-explore is-active" data-panel="explore">
  <div class="context">
    <span class="title">Creator Assertions Home</span>
    <span class="version"></span>
  </div>
  <ul class="components">
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">Endorsement Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../endorsement/1.0-draft/">1.0-draft</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../identity/1.1/">Identity Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../identity/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../identity/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../metadata/1.2-draft/">Metadata Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.2-draft/">1.2-draft</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../metadata/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li class="component">
      <div class="title"><a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">Training and Data Mining Assertion</a></div>
      <ul class="versions">
        <li class="version is-latest">
          <a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.1/">1.1</a>
        </li>
        <li class="version">
          <a href="../../training-and-data-mining/1.0/">1.0</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>

    <li class="component">
      <a class="title" href="/meeting-notes/">Meeting Notes</a>
    </li>

  </ul>
</div>
    </div>
  </aside>
</div>
<main class="article">
<div class="toolbar" role="navigation">
<button class="nav-toggle"></button>
  <a href="../../" class="home-link"></a>
<nav class="breadcrumbs" aria-label="breadcrumbs">
</nav>
</div>
  <div class="content">
<aside class="toc sidebar" data-title="Contents" data-levels="2">
  <div class="toc-menu"></div>
</aside>
<article class="doc">
<h1 class="page">24 February 2024 (APAC)</h1>
<div id="preamble">
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p><a href="https://youtu.be/rr8SfixvO6M">Meeting recording</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_attendees"><a class="anchor" href="#_attendees"></a>Attendees</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Alex Tweeddale, Cheqd</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drummond Reed, Gen Digital</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric Scouten, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Jo Spencer, Sezoo</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>John Phillips, Sezoo</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Peleus Uhley, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Rohan Sahu, Content Lens</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="_meeting_notes"><a class="anchor" href="#_meeting_notes"></a>Meeting notes</h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_cawg_joint_collaboration_agreement"><a class="anchor" href="#_cawg_joint_collaboration_agreement"></a>CAWG joint collaboration agreement</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>1'33":</em> Eric announced a joint collaboration agreement with the <a href="https://identity.foundation">Decentralized Identity Foundation</a> and <a href="https://trustoverip.org">Trust over IP Foundation</a> to further the work of the group under a larger standards development organization.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eric explained that a joint participation agreement has been agreed upon by the steering committees of both organizations, allowing a broader community to weigh in on the discussions. Participants who have signed the Community Specification License will need to sign an intellectual property agreement with DIF to continue their participation.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Andrew raised a question about the signature process for the new agreement, to which Eric responded that the details would be made available in the next few days.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Drummond Reed expressed enthusiasm for the new direction and suggested making a broader announcement through a Trust Over IP blog post. Eric agreed and mentioned working with Kim, Scott, and Drummond to draft the post and invite members from both organizations to participate actively.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_introductions"><a class="anchor" href="#_introductions"></a>Introductions</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Since several members were new to each other in the APAC meeting, we did a round of re-introductions</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>8'08":</em> Eric Scouten, Adobe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>8'25":</em> Drummond Reed, Gen Digital</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>9'01":</em> Alex Tweeddale, Cheqd</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>9'38":</em> Jo Spencer, Sezoo</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>10'17":</em> John Phillips, Sezoo</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>10'44":</em> Scott Perry, Digital Governance Institute</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>11'05":</em> Rohan Sahu, Content Lens</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>11'29":</em> Andrew Dworschak, Yakoa</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>🎥 <em>11'59":</em> Peleus Uhley, Adobe</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_meeting_cadence"><a class="anchor" href="#_meeting_cadence"></a>Meeting cadence</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>12'29":</em> Eric proposed switching to an every-other-week meeting cadence with both time zones on the same week, starting from 10 March. The group agreed to this proposal.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Meeting times will be based on US Pacific time as they are now:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>NA/EU: 0800 US Pacific (1500 UTC as of March)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>APAC: 1800 US Pacific (0100 UTC on Tuesdays as of March)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="admonitionblock important">
<table>
<tr>
<td class="icon">
<i class="fa icon-important" title="Important"></i>
</td>
<td class="content">
The US will shift to Daylight Savings Time on 9 March 2025, meaning the scheduled times will likely shift earlier by one hour for members outside the US and Canada starting with our next meeting.
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_previous_action_items"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_previous_action_items"></a>Review previous action items</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>13'36":</em> Action items from <a href="#2025-02-10-na-eu">10 February NA/EU</a>:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Update PR 211 from discussion. → <strong>DONE</strong> (See upcoming agenda item.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Update PR 210 from discussion. → <strong>DONE</strong> (See upcoming agenda item.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eric to call meeting with Scott and David regarding levels of assurance and validation lifetime. → <strong>DONE</strong> (TO DO: See if Scott is ready to present.)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Action items from <a href="#2025-02-10-apac">10 February APAC</a>:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>PR 211: Revise PR to provide room for identity assertion consumer to interpret each verified identity according to its own rules. → <strong>DONE</strong> (See upcoming agenda item.)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>PR 211: Create issue to track Alex’s idea about using bitstring status list to flag evolution of identity after ICA credential is issued. → <strong>DONE</strong> (See <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/215">issue #215</a>.)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_pr_211_ica_validation_section"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_pr_211_ica_validation_section"></a>Review PR #211: ICA validation section</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>14'11":</em> Reviewed <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/211">PR #211: ICA validation section</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eric reviewed changes made to the validation section, including allowing validators to continue validation at their option and flagging errors. The only must-stop conditions are parsing errors. The section on reasons for rejecting a verified identity was simplified to reference earlier rules.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Andrew raised a question about raising multiple status codes.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION:</strong> Eric agreed to add a note clarifying that if a validator stops processing at the first failure, there may be other undetected failures.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_review_withdrawal_of_pr_210_introduce_new_section_c2pa_manifest_validation_prerequisites"><a class="anchor" href="#_review_withdrawal_of_pr_210_introduce_new_section_c2pa_manifest_validation_prerequisites"></a>Review withdrawal of PR #210: Introduce new section, “C2PA Manifest validation prerequisites”</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>19'58":</em> Discuss proposed withdrawal of <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/pull/210">PR #210: Introduce new section, “C2PA Manifest validation prerequisites”</a>. After discussion in last meeting, I believe this PR is no longer necessary.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p><strong>ACTION (✅):</strong> Eric to close this PR without merging.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_media_industry_identifiers_task_force"><a class="anchor" href="#_media_industry_identifiers_task_force"></a>Media industry identifiers task force</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>21'31":</em> Eric and Scott recapped a recent conversation with Richard Kroon (EIDR), Will Kreth (HAND Identity), and Scott Perry (Digital Governance Institute) on how to incorporate media industry identifiers into C2PA ecosystem via CAWG.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>The breakthrough in that meeting was understanding that trusted third parties attest to media participants' identities rather than using direct signing from the named actors themselves. This led to a new working theory that the existing X.509 flavor of the CAWG identity assertion can be used by industry associations to represent their attestations of media identifiers in combination with the CAWG metadata assertion to store those identifiers.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>We agreed to form a subgroup to determine the correct placement of these identifiers within the CAWG metadata assertion, ensuring proper representation and standardization.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_levels_of_assurance"><a class="anchor" href="#_levels_of_assurance"></a>Levels of assurance</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>25'54":</em> Scott Perry recapped a discussion held recently on stating levels of assurance in identity claims aggregation&#8217;s <code>verifiedIdentities</code> list and discuss potential next steps.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Scott and Drummond proposed adding levels of assurance to the identity claims aggregation&#8217;s verified identity list. They suggested passing through levels of assurance from recognized governance frameworks such as ISO, NIST, and eIDAS.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>They proposed adding fields for level of assurance, source, and governance framework to provide more detailed information about the assurance level of each verified identity.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Drummond emphasized that the level of assurance should be contextual for each credential, and the identity claims aggregator should pass through the assurance level as asserted by the recognized governance framework. Scott highlighted the importance of including the governance framework to provide more information about the policies and ecosystem that issued the credential, ensuring transparency and reliability.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Andrew pointed out that different documents, such as passports and driver&#8217;s licenses, have varying levels of assurance. The group discussed the need to express these differences clearly.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eric suggested that optional fields could be added to the `verifiedIdentities list to indicate the type of document verified and its level of assurance, providing more detailed information.</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect2">
<h3 id="_future_direction_privacy_preserving_identifiers"><a class="anchor" href="#_future_direction_privacy_preserving_identifiers"></a>Future direction: Privacy-preserving identifiers</h3>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>🎥 <em>1h20'06":</em> Andrew introduced the concept of identity hooks (see <a href="https://github.com/creator-assertions/identity-assertion/issues/216">issue #216</a>), which would allow privacy-preserving identifiers to be bound to future manifests. This would enable the evolution of identity signals over time.</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Eric and Drummond expressed interest in exploring the concept further. They discussed the potential benefits and agreed to have a preliminary one-on-one conversation to delve deeper into the idea.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</article>
  </div>
</main>
</div>
<footer class="footer">
  <p>The content on this site is provided under a <a href="https://community.dev">Community Specification License 1.0</a> license, except where otherwise noted.</p>
  <p>The UI for this site is derived from the Antora default UI and is licensed under the MPL-2.0 license. Several icons are imported from Octicons and are licensed under the MIT license.</p>
  <p>Authored in AsciiDoc. Produced by <a href="https://antora.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Antora</a> and <a href="https://asciidoctor.org/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Asciidoctor.</p>
</footer>
<script id="site-script" src="../../_/js/site.js" data-ui-root-path="../../_"></script>
<script async src="../../_/js/vendor/highlight.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
